Học qua tin: Tìm thấy những người Anh đầu tiên ở Mỹ
Bạn sẽ học thêm 7 từ mới trong lĩnh vực khảo cổ, lịch sử khi nghe bản tin sau về những người Anh đầu tiên đến Mỹ.
Archaeologists and scientists from the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History in Washington, DC, have discovered the remains of some of the country's earliest settlers.
Four leaders of Jamestown, the first successful English colony located about 80 miles south of DC, have been unearthed using high-tech equipment and detective work.
(SOUNDBITE) (English) DR. JAMES HORN SAYING:
"This is the earliest English church in America - 1608 - and without any question the four men buried in the Chancel between 1608 and 1610 are four of the first leaders of the whole English enterprise in America. These men in various ways witnessed the first three years of the establishment of the colony. They endured food shortages, starvation, Indian attacks and disease."
Researchers used skeletal analyses, chemical testing, and 3-D technology research to identify the men who lived and died when the settlement was on the brink of failure due to famine, disease and war.
Bản tiếng Việt
the point where a new or different situation is about to begin
/ˈfæm.ɪn/
a situation in which there is not enough food for a great number of people, causing illness and death, or a particular period when this happens:
Học qua video
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

