Hãng hàng không mất trăm triệu USD vì đình công - Học qua tin
Hàng loạt phi công, nhân viên của hãng hàng không lớn nhất châu Âu Lufthansa ngưng làm việc đòi quyền lợi. Bạn có thể học thêm 9 từ mới qua clip bản tin này.
Gương 3D giúp phụ nữ chọn áo ngực - Học qua tin
Phương pháp học qua tin tức mới cập nhật sẽ giúp môn tiếng Anh trở nên thú vị, dễ dàng hơn. Bản tin sau của Reuters nói về vụ đình công của các phi công, nhân viên hãng hàng không Đức Lufthansa. Bạn có thể luyện kỹ năng nghe qua bản tin, đồng thời học thêm một số từ mới để giúp ích cho kỹ năng đọc.
 Transcript:
Hundreds of Lufthansa flights were canceled on Saturday after a cabin crew union started a series of walkouts Friday that could become the longest ever strike at the carrier.
Passengers are frustrated.
(SOUNDBITE) (German) PASSENGER HERBERT HAASE (VIENNA), SAYING:
"I can only understand this a little bit. Because it is blackmail. A small group wants to make their mark and a hundred thousand have to come and 'kiss their hands'. This is blackmail. And normally in Europe we try to find a compromise through talks and negotiations. But if one side is not ready to do so and reaches for the strongest weapon, then this is a pathetic display. For both sides."
The spokesperson for the cabin crew workers union UFO Nicoley Baublies says talking has not been enough.
(SOUNDBITE) (German) SPOKESPERSON FOR LUFTHANSA CABIN CREW WORKERS UNION UFO, NICOLEY BAUBLIES, SAYING:
"So after two years of negotiation, it does not work anymore via talks only. So we now go on strike, for the first time."
Without concessions the union says it will carry more walkouts until Nov. 13
Lufthansa spokesperson Andrea Barrels says that will mean a lot of canceled flights --
(SOUNDBITE) (German) LUFTHANSA SPOKESMAN, ANDREA BARRELS, SAYING:
"Today, 520 flights are being affected. Especially flights within Germany and Europe which we had to cancel here in Frankfurt, 6 in Duesseldorf. But the intercontinental flights operate according to plan. 50,000 passenger are affected today by the strike.
A society or association formed by people with a common interest or purpose
/wɔːk.aʊt/
  the ​act of ​leaving an ​official ​meeting as a ​group in ​order to show ​disapproval, or of ​leaving a ​place of ​work to ​start a ​strike
/ˈpen.ʃən/
 an ​amount of ​money ​paid ​regularly by the ​government or a ​private ​company to a ​person who does not ​work any more because they are too ​old or have ​become ​ill:
/kɒm.prə.maɪz/
   an ​agreement in an ​argument in which the ​people ​involved ​reduce ​their ​demands or ​change ​their ​opinion in ​order to ​agree
/kənˈseʃ.ən/ 
something that is ​allowed or given up, often in ​order to end a ​disagreement, or the ​act of ​allowing or giving this
Học qua video
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

