Giáo hoàng nói tiếng Anh trước Quốc hội Mỹ - Học qua tin
Bài phát biểu lịch sử của Giáo hoàng đề cập đến những vấn đề đang gây tranh cãi gần đây. Bạn có thể học một số từ mới về tôn giáo, xã hội qua video về bản tin này. 
The day began with smiles and selfies as the Pope greeted fans who'd waited hours to see him... and then after a short drive to Capitol Hill, the first official meeting of the day with a clearly nervous.
It was Boehner, a Catholic, who'd invited Pope Francis to address the joint session of Congress. It was the first time a Pope had ever received such an invitation.
And when he entered the packed chamber, lawmakers gave the pontiff a rousing welcome.
But no one was expecting an easy sermon from Pope Francis. His political views on climate change, immigration, abortion and gay marriage are well known, and he wasn't going to spare Washington politicians the benefits of his opinions... staring with immigration.
"We, the people of this continent, are not fearful of foreigners, because most of us were once foreigners", Pope Fracis.
And on climate change, the Pope was equally clear:
-I call for a courageous and responsible effort to "redirect our steps" (ibid., 61), and to avert and to avert the most serious effects of the environmental deterioration caused by human activity. I am convinced that we can make a difference.
Pope Francis also touched on religious extremism, the arms trade, poverty and called for an end to the death penalty in the US....well aware that he was addressing a House and Senate more polarized than at any other time in generations.
Even so, when it was over, whether they agreed or not, the lawmakers did come together.... with a standing ovation.
/ˈsɜː.mən/
a part of a Christian church ceremony in which a priest gives a talk on a religious or moral subject, often based on something written in the bible
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

