Học nghe về truyền thống Giáng sinh
Hai người bạn trò chuyện với nhau về truyền thống Giáng sinh của đất nước mình. Qua đó, bạn có thể học thêm từ mới và luyện kỹ năng nghe. 
7 thành ngữ thú vị về bộ phận cơ thể tương tự tiếng Việt   /   27 từ và cụm từ hay bị dùng nhầm trong tiếng Anh
Hai du học sinh tại Mỹ, Peter và Lee đang trò chuyện với nhau về truyền thống Giáng sinh ở nước mình. Trong đó, Peter cho biết truyền thống Giáng sinh ở quê nhà có nhiều điểm giống và khác so với Mỹ. Bạn có thể nghe đoạn hội thoại ngắn giữa họ, ghi chú ra những truyền thống Giáng sinh mà Peter nhắc đến. 
Sau nhiều lần nghe, bạn có thể xem phần Transcript bên dưới để kiểm tra lại những chỗ mình nghe sai hoặc chưa hiểu rõ. Bài nghe này phù hợp với người học tiếng Anh trình độ Intermediate trở lên. 
Transcript:
Peter: Lee, what are your plans for the winter break?
Lee: Ajay and I were invited to Alan’s house for the break. How about you? You’re going to volunteer at a school, right?
Peter: That’s right. But first I’m going to go home and spend Christmas with my family. It’s an important holiday for my family. We have lots of Christmas traditions.
Lee: Interesting. Like what?
Lee: What’s that?
Peter: It’s like a large card, with a picture on it. There’s also a small opening with a door for each day in December, up until Christmas. And each day, you open one of the doors. The best part is that behind the door is a piece of chocolate.
Lee: It’s a calendar with chocolate? That’s the best kind of calendar.
Peter: Some of them only have pictures, but my family gets the ones with chocolate. Another tradition is the Christmas market. In the local squares, there’s a market that sells food, drinks and local crafts.
Lee: That sounds great. I think there are some places in the U.S. that have Christmas markets too.
Peter: One different tradition is that we open presents on Christmas Eve. In the U.S., people usually open presents on Christmas.
Từ mới trong bài: 
A winter break is a period of vacation between semesters of college or other schools that includes the winter holidays, such as New Year’s Day.
To volunteer means to offer to do something without being paid to do it or without being asked.
Christmas (also Christmas Day) is a holiday of Christian origin that is recognized by many people in the United States, as well as in other parts of the world. It is celebrated on December 25. Some traditions of Christmas include decorating a Christmas tree, giving and receiving gifts, and spending time with family and friends.
A tradition is a belief, custom or way of doing something that has been used by a particular group of people for a long time.
An Advent calendar is a large decorated card used to count down the days until Christmas. For each day in December, up until Christmas, there is a small opening with a door. Children open one door each day. Behind each door is a picture or piece of chocolate.
A Christmas market is a street market where food, drink and products are bought and sold. These markets sell traditional food and drink for Christmas as well as local crafts. They are set up and open during the Christmas season.
A square means an open area in a town or city, often in the shape of a square (a shape with four equal sides).
Local: belonging to or relating to a particular area or place.
Crafts are objects that are skillfully made by hand.
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

