Luyện tiếng Anh với bài đọc ngắn
Bạn có thể luyện kỹ năng đọc hiểu của mình với bài Reading và 3 câu hỏi ngắn về chủ đề thời sự "Bạo lực học đường thông qua tin nhắn điện tử".
60 từ thay cho 'Nói' trong mọi ngữ cảnh   /   Những từ vựng Anh-Anh khác Anh-Mỹ
High-Tech Bulli​es
Mariah Lopez, 12, didn’t have much to cheer about after cheerleading tryouts last month. Girls started a mean rumor about her. The tale spread throughout her school, where more lies started. Soon Mariah started to receive disturbing text messages and calls from numbers she didn’t recognize. When the messages turned into threats, Mariah reached out to adults for help. She told her parents and contacted her school principal.
Today, the bully battles have moved to a new frontier-cyberspace. Using emails, instant messages, websites, and cell phones, cyberbullies deliberately harm or threaten others with their identities hidden behind computer their playground predecessors.
Bullying by the Numbers
Criminal-justice professors Justin Patchin and Sameer Hinduja surveyed 1,500 kids aged 10 to 17. They report that about one-third of the kids claimed to have been cyberbullied. Sue Limber and Roin Kowalski, researchers and teachers at Clemson University in South Carolina, recently finished a study of 3,767 students in grades six through eight. They found the most popular method of cyberbullying is instant messaging. Mean messages in chat rooms, emails, and on websites were close behind. Limber and Kowalski also found that girls were twice as likely as boys to be the victims of attacks.
That's E-Nough!
Several states either have laws or are working on laws that require school districts to ban cyberbullying and punish students who are involved. But cracking down on cyberbullying is challenging. Some officials question whether schools can legally punish students for those actions.
Finding out the identity of the bully and getting kids to report a problem pose additional problems. "It is difficult for someone who is being cyberbullied to know who is doing it because identities can often be hidden or false", Limber says. If you are a victim, she advises, ask an adult for help.
Something to Cheer About
Mariah was thankful that her parents and principal got involved. After the cyberbullies were identified, her principal confronted them. Mariah’s school district, which is in Highland, Utah, voted to add cyberbullying to its antibullying rules. Her school’s efforts could give other kids something to cheer about.
Answer the questions
1. What is the most popular method of cyberbullying? What other methods are there?
2. Explain why cracking down on cyberbullying can be challenging.
3. According to the study conducted by Sue Limber and Robin Kowalski, who is more likely to be a target of cyberbullying, girls or boys? How much more likely? Why?
Trung tâm Anh ngữ AMA giảm 30% học phí đến hết 24/11, giảm thêm 5% khi thanh toán bằng thẻ ngân hàng Citibank, VIB, Shinhan Bank, Eximbank, ACB, ANZ, BIDV, Techcombank, Maritimebank, Đông Á Bank cho học viên mới. Xem thêm tại đây .
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

