Mũ bảo hiểm có 'mắt' nhìn phía sau - Học qua tin
Sau tai nạn xe máy, một chàng trai trẻ đã sáng chế chiếc mũ bảo hiểm thần kỳ có khả năng quan sát phía sau. Bạn có thể học thêm nhiều từ mới công nghệ qua bản tin sau của Reuters. 
Sau nhiều năm phát triển, một công ty mới thành lập ở California sắp sửa chào bán cái mà họ gọi là "mũ bảo hiểm thông minh nhất" trong dịp Giáng sinh này. Mũ được tạo ra sau khi chàng trai trẻ Marcus Weller - cũng là CEO công ty - gặp một vụ tai nạn xe máy. Sau kinh nghiệm nhớ đời này, Marcus Weller đã tạo ra chiếc mũ có khả năng quan sát từ phía sau cũng như nghe gọi điện thoại. 
Bạn có thể rèn luyện khả năng nghe, nói tiếng Anh cũng như học thêm nhiều từ về công nghệ qua bản tin sau của Reuters: 
Transcript:
For Marcus Weller the idea started off with an accident. He was riding a motorcycle in Barcelona when he took his eyes off the road and smashed into the back of a car.
A couple years later he dreamt about that accident….but in the dream Weller didn't crash…
SOUNDBITE (English) MARCUS WELLER, FOUNDER & CEO OF SKULLY, SAYING:
"I'm going down the road and because I am looking forward I see the car break and I swerved around it and I didn't get into the accident. That woke me up out of a dead sleep and I sat up in bed and I had goose bumps and I was like 'that is going to save people's lives'"
That dream was the inspiration for what Weller describes as the smartest motorcycle helmet ever developed. Utilizing a state of the art video system, a powerful on board computer and a heads up display built into the visor, the helmet enables a rider to basically see in every direction at once with no blind spots.
SOUNDBITE (English) MARCUS WELLER, FOUNDER & CEO OF SKULLY, SAYING:
"What the video system in the helmet does is with zero latency it takes a 180 degree blind spot camera. It's an ultra wide angle camera and it gives you eyes in the back of your head and it renders that in the heads up display."
Weller says humans aren't designed to travel at 120 kilometers an hour, an evolutionary hurdle the developers needed to overcome to ensure the technology was in sync with how the human brain processes vision.
SOUNDBITE (English) MARCUS WELLER, FOUNDER & CEO OF SKULLY, SAYING:
"It is leveraging or capitalizing on the way our brains and our visual systems naturally work to put that information back into the field of view, back in infinite focus to wherever I look it is in focus and reducing the reaction time, reducing the likelihood of a life threatening accident."
The helmet syncs to a phone via Bluetooth enabling hands-free calling, GPS navigation, and music streaming - all while keeping your eyes on the road.
After years of R&D, the first helmets are scheduled to start shipping out to buyers just in time for Christmas.
to use something in an ​effective way
The delay before a transfer of data begins following an instruction for its transfer: 
Học qua video
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

