Học qua video: Nhật Bản gia tăng vai trò quân đội
Chính phủ Nhật cho phép gửi quân chiến đấu ở nước ngoài trong khi người dân phản đối vì không muốn có chiến tranh. Bạn có thể học các từ mới qua video ngắn về nội dung nêu trên.
Học qua phim hoạt hình: Bí mật của nhà vua   /   Học qua tin: Cuộc thi bò nhanh của các em bé đóng bỉm
Controversial security legislation has been approved in  Japan 's lower house of parliament that could see the country send troops to fight abroad for the first time since World War Two. The bills would allow collective self-defence, or fighting to defend a friendly country, like the  United States .
(SOUNDBITE) (Japanese) JAPANESE PRIME MINISTER,  SHINZO ABE , SAYING:
"The security situation surrounding  Japan  is becoming increasingly challenging. With this in mind, it is an absolutely necessary legislation to protect the lives of the Japanese and also to prevent the country from going to war".
Besides expanding the scope of  Japan's military , the bills would relax limits on peace-keeping operations and would make it easier to respond to "grey zone" incidents. The country's constitution, which was drafted after  Japan 's World War Two defeat, places strict limits on the country's armed forces. Opponents of the bills say the revisions could entangle  Japan  in U.S.-led conflicts around the world.
The legislation will now go to the upper house. If no vote is taken after 60 days it will be returned to the lower house, where Abe's coalition can enact the measures with a two-thirds majority.
Thủ tướng Shinzo Abe thông báo Nội các Nhật Bản chính thức quyết định nới lỏng chính sách quân sự. Ảnh: Reuters.
Học qua video
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

