Gương 3D giúp phụ nữ chọn áo ngực - Học qua tin
70% phụ nữ đang mặc áo ngực sai cỡ. Để giúp khách chọn chiếc áo vừa vặn, một cửa hàng bán đồ lót ở Hong Kong đã lắp đặt chiếc gương 3D trong phòng thay đồ. 
Những cách khác nhau để nói 'I miss you'   /   3 lời khuyên tiếng Anh có ích trong cuộc sống
Chọn một chiếc áo ngực vừa vặn là công việc rất khó với nhiều phụ nữ vì không có hai cái áo ngực nào giống nhau hoàn toàn và cũng chẳng có hai bộ ngực nào giống nhau hoàn toàn. 
Để giúp phụ nữ tìm được chiếc áo ôm gọn và nâng đỡ một cách hoàn hảo, một cửa hàng ở Hong Kong đã sử dụng công nghệ gương 3D, có thể scan khuôn cơ thể của khách hàng, sau đó tính toán và cho ra kích cỡ, kiểu dáng phù hợp nhất. 
Bạn có thể học nghe, đọc tiếng Anh về chủ đề này qua bản tin sau của Reuters. Sau khi nghe vài lần, bạn có thể tham khảo phần Transcript bên dưới để kiểm tra khả năng nghe của mình, sau đó học thêm một số từ mới trong bài.
Transcript:
Many women would agree - a good bra can be hard to find. After all, no two bras or breasts are alike. So searching for the one that hugs and lifts in all the right places can be daunting.
But help is on the way.
Luxury lingerie brand Rigby and Peller are using a cutting edge 3D mirror that scan's a woman's body to calculate her perfect bra size and style.
The mirror is already being used in their Hong Kong flagship store's changing room ... and general manager, Lui Tong, thinks the technology could be a game changer.
(SOUNDBITE) (English) GENERAL MANAGER OF RIGBY AND PELLER HONG KONG, AND PRIVATE SHOP LIMITED, LUI TONG, SAYING:
"Based on research, there are 70 percent of women wearing the wrong bra. But what makes it wrong, you know, what makes it right? I think the most important thing is having objective measurement. Going forward we're looking at expanding the installation of 3D mirrors into all our stores. And develop this technology into something even more accessible to everyone."
Here's how it works: A stylist takes a traditional measurment that factors in a woman's shape. The mirror then takes 140 measurements that are photographed and reflected on the mirror as the customer does a 360-degree turn.
The process takes just one minute. And then based on the scan results, the stylist suggests a variety of bras for the client to compare.
Customer Monique Ku says the new high tech approach makes bra shopping a fantastic experience.
(SOUNDBITE) (Cantonese) CUSTOMER AND INTERIOR DESIGNER, MONIQUE KU, SAYING:
"There were times that I went to shop for a bra, and the assistant would measure your size while you're still wearing a bra. That wasn't very accurate. But when I shop here, the measurements are precise. The bras fit well and they fit closely to my body."
And don't worry ... while your measurements are saved for future purchases, your pics are deleted in front of you.
in spite of any indications or expectations to the contrary.
making you ​feel ​slightly ​frightened or ​worried about ​your ​ability to ​achieve something
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

