Học qua tin: Cư dân chạy trốn vì cháy rừng
Bạn có thể học thêm 4 từ mới và 3 cụm động từ trong bản tin về trận cháy rừng lớn đang diễn ra ở California.
Học qua phim hoạt hình: Chú voi biết bay   /   Học qua tin: Cuộc thi bò nhanh của các em bé đóng bỉm
That's what residents in Nevada County, California are doing, after a fast-moving wildfire broke out Saturday afternoon.
The fire was first spotted about 60 miles northeast of Sacramento.
Within hours, it had spread over more than 4-thousand acres.
(SOT WITH UNIDENTIFIED BOY)
(SOT WITH RESIDENT LAURA FELLOWS)
"First thing I grabbed was my kids' social security cards and birth certificates."
The blaze broke out as officials were already fighting wildfires in other parts of the state.
(SOT SEAN GRIFFINS, CALFIRE)
"You really have no way of getting to it. A lot of the time spent is waiting for the dozers to build us roads in."
Experts expect to see more, and larger fires, than usual this year, as the state struggles through a fourth straight year of drought.
Xem bản dịch tiếng Việt
Vocabulary (bạn nên đọc và hiểu nghĩa tiếng Anh để nhớ từ lâu, khi cần biết nghĩa tiếng Việt, bấm vào đây ):
/ˈwaɪld.faɪər/  
a fire that is burning strongly and out of control on an area of grass or bushes in the countryside
ˈdōzər/
short for bulldozer: A heavy vehicle with a large blade in front, used for pushing earth and stones away and for making areas of ground flat at the same time
Phrasal verb:
- to pack up: to prepare one's belongings to be transported by placing them into a container; to gather one's things together for one's departure - đóng gói đồ đạc để vận chuyển đi.
- to break out: (of war, fighting, or similarly undesirable things) start suddenly - một sự kiện, sự cố gì đó (chiến tranh, trận chiến, hay bất cứ thứ gì không mong muốn) bất ngờ xảy ra.
- to get to sth: to reach (a goal or objective) = arrive at, attain, come to, gain - tiếp cận với cái gì hoặc mục tiêu gì.
Học qua video
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

