Thuê dê gặm cỏ (Học qua tin)
Đàn dê tỏ ra hiệu quả trong việc làm sạch cỏ, rác hơn là những công cụ khác như chất hóa học.
Học qua phim hoạt hình: Nàng công chúa nông dân   /   Học qua tin: Cư dân chạy trốn vì cháy rừng
These goats are about to start a unique assignment.
For the next two weeks, their job will be to graze 24 hours a day at the Congressional Cemetery on Capitol Hill.
A national historic landmark that's the final resting place for more than 70 members of Congress and J. Edgar Hoover, the first director of the FBI.
SOUNDBITE: OWNER OF BROWSING GREEN GOATS, MARY BOWEN SAYING:
"The routine is we have to put up the fencing first. The goats stay in the trailer and wait for us. Once we get the fencing up, it won't take too much longer, we'll be able to let the goats loose and they'll be here about two weeks eating up the vegetation and clearing up the cemetery."
Cemetery officials have hired the goats to help get rid of vines, poison ivy, ground cover and even fallen debris.
Officials say using goats eliminates the need for chemical herbicides.
SOUNDBITE: OWNER OF BROWSING GREEN GOATS, MARY BOWEN SAYING:
"The main focus is the goats are not harming the environment and they are saving the pollinators because they are doing this organically."
SOUNDBITE: HISTORIC CONGRESSIONAL CEMETERY PRESIDENT PAUL K. WILLIAMS SAYING:
"The goats are pulling off a lot of invasive species off the fence and off the tree back there."
/əˈsaɪn.mənt/
a piece of work given to someone, typically as part of their studies or job:a job that someone is sent somewhere to do
/ˈpä-lə-ˌnā-tər/
A pollinator is the biotic agent (vector) that moves pollen from the male anthers of a flower to the female stigma of a flower to accomplish fertilization or 'syngamy' of the female gametes in the ovule of the flower by the male gametes from the pollen grain. Convey pollen to or deposit pollen on (a stigma, ovule, flower, or plant) and so allow fertilization:
Học qua video
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

