Lời thú tội tiếng Anh của tín đồ ăn uống
Câu chuyện của những người có tình yêu với ẩm thực vừa gây cười, vừa giúp bạn cải thiện vốn tiếng Anh của mình.
9 truyện cười tiếng Anh hay nhất trong mắt sinh viên   /   Học tiếng Anh qua những câu hỏi dí dỏm
I ate half of a cake once when I should have only one piece. I was horrified and didn't want anyone to know, so I finished the cake, baked a whole new one, forced myself to eat the one allowed piece.
Then I barfed in the middle of dinner.
Xem bản dịch.
I told my wife I was going to the gym, but somehow I ended up going to McDonald’s instead. I ate my cheeseburgers in a parking lot, and waited a little while until it seemed long enough for a workout. When I got home, I poured water on my head and shirt to look like I had been sweating. That is the absolute saddest and fattest thing I have ever done.
Xem bản dịch.
I did what's called a bang-bang. I ate at two completely separate restaurants, and had two full meals, back to back. I'll never do it again. I gained eight pounds that day.
Xem bản dịch.
Xem bản dịch.
Phoning for pizza delivery. "It’s buy one get one free today, sir." So naturally, I pretend to shout up to non-existent housemates to ask them if they want one, before telling the guy on the end of the phone that, yes, "we" will take two. Ate both in one sitting.
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

