Phân biệt 'lose' và 'loose'
Nhiều người vẫn thường xuyên nhầm lẫn hai từ này vì có cách đọc gần giống. Clip phân biệt sau đây sẽ giúp bạn nhớ sự khác nhau giữa chúng. 
Phân biệt 'a while' và 'awhile'   /   Cụ ông 85 tuổi vẫn chăm chỉ học tiếng Anh
Theo hướng dẫn trong clip, "lose" là một động từ, phát âm /lu:z/, mang nghĩa "mất một cái gì", hoặc "thua". Còn "loose" đọc là /lu:s/, có thể là động từ, danh từ hoặc tính từ. Khi là động từ, nó mang nghĩa "thả, buông cái gì ra". 
Clip sinh động cùng đoạn lời tiếng Anh sau đây sẽ giúp bạn hiểu thêm sự khác nhau giữa hai từ này.  
Transcript: 
"Loose" and "lose" are two completely distinct words, with different meanings and pronunciations. Getting them wrong means that people might not understand what you mean or they'll criticize you for poor spelling. In the interests of good English and reducing confusion, here are the differences between lose and loose, as well as some advice on how to choose the right spelling.
"Lose" (which rhymes with booze) is a verb, meaning 'to be unable to find or keep something; to have less of something; to fail to win'. It can take the other forms of: lose, losing, and lost.
For example:
- She grabbed Mark's hand so she wouldn't lose him in the crowd.
- 'He said that workers will also lose money by staying away from work.
- In high stakes poker, the first man to blink when bluffing loses.
Here's a tip: if the word you want is a verb with any of these meanings, then you always spell lose with a single O.
"Loose" (which rhymes with goose) can be a verb, adjective, or noun. It's main verb meaning is 'to release something' and it can take the other forms here of loose, loosing, and loosed. As an adjective, it means either 'not being firmly fixed; not strict or exact; not tied up or shut in; not tight-fitting'.
- The farmer had three loose teeth.
- Don't worry about your hair - let it hang loose.
- It seems like a rather loose interpretation.
- Paul was dressed in a loose shirt, trousers, and brown boots.
As a noun, loose mainly occurs in the phrase 'on the loose' which means 'Having escaped from somewhere; not confined any more.'
For example:
- Two convicted murderers are on the loose right now.
Here's a tip: if you know that the word you want is an adjective or noun, the spelling is almost certainly 'loose' with two Os.
Thầy giáo nước ngoài chỉ 4 lỗi hay gặp của 'Ving-lish'
Nếu bạn vẫn đang dùng các từ "speaking skill", "just only", "my countryside" mà không thấy sai, hãy xem clip của thầy giáo Daniel Hauer để
Du học sinh ở Anh đã đưa ra 6 gạch đầu dòng đáng lưu ý để thí sinh IELTS có thể đạt kết quả tốt nhất trong bài thi Nói.
"What's your name", "How are you", đó từng là tất cả vốn tiếng Anh của độc giả Đào Trường Sơn từ thành phố Hoa Phượng Đỏ. Thế nhưng, nay anh
15 cụm động từ đi cùng giới từ sau đây rất hay gặp trong ngôn ngữ hàng ngày của người bản ngữ. 
Vào một đêm Giáng sinh năm 1914, những người lính Anh và Đức ở hai chiến tuyến đã ra khỏi hào và bắt tay nhau, tận hưởng một đêm hòa
Trang chủ

